all transition is tough and university
is no different but there is help to
help you get by I just finished the
first year Success Program at Memorial
University and I'm looking to start my
second year in the next couple of months
first year success is a program to help
you adapt to university get ready for
the workload and the environment that
University presents
I wasn't sure what exactly I wanted to
do at university and I thought first
year success would be a good way to
figure out what I wanted to do and how
to move forward in the future my name is
Trina Boland and I just finished my
first year at my university I was part
of the first year Success Program and I
found it was a really great experience
for me it's a great transition from high
school to university you really get to
know your professor as well and you can
ask as many questions as you want
they'll always be there to help you
there's also academic advisors and
career advising and they're there to
help you too
the class sizes are fairly small so you
know you get to make friends and know
people
I've met a lot of people that I still
keep in contact with when you come into
university like a main thing you need is
to use the library just being able to
understand the library and being able to
use the library properly is essential to
surviving University the University is
tough although there is a lot of work
and more is expected of you the FY is
program support there to help you get
through it the professors are there to
provide you with the tools and good to
succeed in university not just for first
year but in the years to come as well
we're here to make something of
ourselves and I think to feel that sense
of accomplishment at the end of the day
it was very satisfying